tutorial/english.md, before:

# GeoFS LiverySelector User Manual
Hello, and welcome to the GeoFS LiverySelector Addon! Before continuing, please read the following to ensure a smooth experience with the addon.

Once you have launched GeoFS with the appropriate code installed, you will see the <img width="15" height="30" alt="logosmall" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/RYANAIR5719/GEOFS-LiverySelector/refs/heads/main/logosmall.png" /> button at the bottom, to the right of the **Aircraft** menu. This is where you can access the add-on.

A few icons will also pop up in the aircraft selection menu...
* A <img width="15" height="30" alt="logosmall" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/RYANAIR5719/GEOFS-LiverySelector/refs/heads/main/logosmall.png" /> icon mean the aircraft is supported by the add-on.
* A 🎮 means that the aircraft is multiplayer compatible (others can see the liveries if they have the addon, and so can you).
* A 🥇, 🥈, or 🥉 next to a livery means that it had won a livery competition in the past.

Now, on to the important stuff!

## Interface
Once you click on that <img width="15" height="30" alt="logosmall" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/RYANAIR5719/GEOFS-LiverySelector/refs/heads/main/logosmall.png" /> button, an interface should (hopefully) pop up. This may take a while for some aircraft due to the immense amount of liveries avaliable for some aircraft, such as the 737s, the A320s, and the 777-300ER.

There is a **search bar** near the top of the for **looking up liveries**, or if you are using **Potato Mode**.

### Favorite Liveries
This section is wwhere all of your starred liveries will pop up. To star a livery, simply click on the little star outline next to it, and it should appear in this section for as long as you don't clear your cache...

### Avaliable Liveries
This is where you can find all the liveries for the aircraft type. For each livery, its information is devided into two lines, one with its name, and the other with the name of its creator. For official aircraft released by Xavier, you can also find a little illustration next to its information of how it looks.

> [!NOTE]
> Some liveries do not have a creator listed because it was entered into the system before the addition of that feature.

> [!IMPORTANT]
> If you have enabled **potato mode**, please use the **search bar** instead to browse the liveries.

### Load External Liveries
This section allows you to upload your experimental liveries for testing before submission, or just your ordinary virtual airline livery. You can see four different tabs in this section...
* **Upload**: This is where you can uplaod your liveries to ImgBB and submit it for review, although you do have to do some setup in the **API** tab. Yoou can also use the form here to upload a livery from a URL.
* **Direct**: This is where you can test your livery by directly uploading it from your files.
* **Download**: You can download any (or all) of the liveries fatured for this arcraft publicly.
* **API**: This section sets up the submmission form for the LiverySelector in the **Upload Tab**.

## Configuring Livery Uploader
> [!IMPORTANT]
> This sections requires a Discord and ImgBB account. You can get a Discord account [here](https://discord.com/register), and your ImgBB account [here](https://imgbb.com/signup).
1. Go to https://api.imgbb.com/, and click the **Add API Key** button. This should generate an API for your ImgBB account.
2. Copy the API code, and paste it into the first box in the **API** tab of the **Load External Liveries** section, and press enter. You should see a message in the textbox that looks like this: `API KEY SAVE (type CLEAR to remove)`
> [!NOTE]
> If you would like to have your API deleted from the database after one hour, there is a checkbox directly below the textbox to enable that option.

3. Get your Discord user ID by following [this tutorial](https://support.discord.com/hc/en-us/articles/206346498-Where-can-I-find-my-User-Server-Message-ID), and paste it into the second box, and click enter.

Congratulations, you have just set up your uploader to the LiverySelector and are all set to contribute your first livery to our addon!

## Livery Submission Via Addon
> [!IMPORTANT]
> This requires the configuration of your livery uploader. See section above if you haven't done so already.
1. Go to the **Upload** tab. Here, if already configured correctly, you should see a textbox and a **Upload Image**.
2. Add your image by either entering the URL of it via the textbox, or upload it from your computer by clicking the **Upload Image Button**. Then press **Load Livery**, and the livery sould appear on the aircraft.
3. If you haven't done so, check for any faults in the livery, and ensure that it is of a high quality.
4. Near the bottom of the screen, click on **Contribute to the LiverySelector Database** dropdown, and it should open up a form.
5. Fill in the first box with the name of the livery, and the second with your username. This can be your Discord username, or just anything as long as it's approperiate.
6. Check the two checkboxes below to agree to the terms of service, and then click **Submit Livery For Review**.⑦Check two conditions to indicate your agreement,then click "SUBMIT LIVERY REVIEW",then your livery has been successfully submitted.
   
# Contacts
* **Email**: <a href="LiverySelector20220816@gmail.com">LiverySelector20220816@gmail.com</a>
* **Discord**: https://discord.gg/2tcdzyYaWU

【About Competition】
You can attend in discord or GitHub.
Common problems:
1.Why can't my livery list load properly?
Most likely due to internet speed issues, check the network or use VPN.
2.How to make livery for LiverySelector?
①by GitHub;
②by API;
③by Discord;
④by email(must add your livery name+maker name,if you don't add yours will not be added).
3.It's too troublesome to add new code every time I enter the game. Is there a solution?
You can use Tampermonkey,then you will not.
4.When I click a livery,why can not it load?
①Some liveries files are relatively large and may take some time to load. You will need to wait a little longer;
②Or maybe your internet speed is too slow, you just need to wait a little longer.
Our Email:LiverySelector20220816@gmail.com(We usually check email on weekends),If you have any question or advice,or submit your livery,you can send to us.
Thank you very much for using it!Have a nice flight!

中文:
LiverySelector 使用说明：
在飞机列表中：Ls标志表示该飞机支持插件；
游戏机标志表示这架飞机支持多人游戏（其他用户可以看到你的飞机涂装，你也可以看到其他用户的飞机涂装）。
【Favorite liveries】
在【available liveries】中，您可以点击每件涂装后的星星，当它变成黄色时，您可以在这个列表中看到您最喜欢的涂装。
【available liveries】
每个涂装分为两行，第一行粗体黑色字体是其名称，下面细灰色字体显示其创建者名称（一些创建者名称没有输入，因为在更新此功能之前没有输入）。
【Load external livery】
1.上传：用于上传文件；
2.直接：选择要测试的文件，您可以选择将其拖动到此处或单击蓝色按钮在计算机上选择文件；
3.下载：您可以通过它下载所有涂装；
4.API：
此功能用于上传您的涂装
① 转到imgbb(https://api.imgbb.com/)，然后“Add API key”，就可以得到一个API链接；
② 复制到第一个输入框，点击回车，可以看到“API KET SAVED(type CLEAR to remove)”，代表您成功了；
③ 获取您的discord用户ID(https://support.discord.com/hc/en-us/articles/206346498-Where-can-I-find-my-User-Server-Message-ID)，然后复制到第二个输入框，最后回车；
④ 转到【Upload】，单击“UPLOAD IMAGE”，选择要上传的文件，它将在输入框中显示一个链接；
⑤ 点击“Contribute to LiverySelector Database”，然后滑到底部；
⑥ 在“Author”框中输入下你的涂装名称并复制你的Discord ID；
⑦ 勾选两个条件以表示您同意，然后单击“"SUBMIT LIVERY REVIEW”，则您的涂装将会成功提交。
您可以前往YouTube观看此教程视频：https://youtu.be/ht1xFKmvuuA
【关于竞赛】
您可以在discord或者GitHub参加。
常见问题：
1.为什么我的界面只有三行英文没有显示任何的涂装？
大部分是网速问题，解决方法可以是提升网速或者使用VPN。
2.怎么为LiverySelector制作涂装？
①通过GitHub；
②通过API功能；
③通过Discord；
④通过邮箱上传（必须标明涂装名称+制作者网名，没加的将不会在插件中显示或者不会被上传）。
3.每次进游戏都要重新导入代码，太麻烦了，有没有什么方法不用每次导入？
用插件Tampermonkey（篡改猴）大部分是浏览器插件。安装好后无需每次导入。
4.为什么我点了一个涂装等了好久还不显示？
①有些涂装（例如彩绘）的文件较大，您需要等待一段时间；
②或者您的网速过慢，过等一会会加载出来。
我们的邮箱：LiverySelector20220816@gmail.com（我们通常会在周末查看邮箱，小概率会在工作日），欢迎您为我们提出任何建议、询问问题和提交您的涂装！
非常感谢您的使用！祝您飞行愉快！

The second revision was made on November 3, 2024
------Written by bilibili開飛機のzm

Commit message:

Fix typos and improve clarity in english.md
Corrected typos and formatting issues in the instructions for using the LiverySelector. Added clarity to the submission process and removed unnecessary lines.

tutorial/english.md, after:

# GeoFS LiverySelector User Manual
Hello, and welcome to the GeoFS LiverySelector Addon! Before continuing, please read the following to ensure a smooth experience with the addon.

Once you have launched GeoFS with the appropriate code installed, you will see the <img width="15" height="30" alt="logosmall" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/RYANAIR5719/GEOFS-LiverySelector/refs/heads/main/logosmall.png" /> button at the bottom, to the right of the **Aircraft** menu. This is where you can access the add-on.

A few icons will also pop up in the aircraft selection menu...
* A <img width="15" height="30" alt="logosmall" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/RYANAIR5719/GEOFS-LiverySelector/refs/heads/main/logosmall.png" /> icon mean the aircraft is supported by the add-on.
* A 🎮 means that the aircraft is multiplayer compatible (others can see the liveries if they have the addon, and so can you).
* A 🥇, 🥈, or 🥉 next to a livery means that it had won a livery competition in the past.

Now, on to the important stuff!

## Interface
Once you click on that <img width="15" height="30" alt="logosmall" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/RYANAIR5719/GEOFS-LiverySelector/refs/heads/main/logosmall.png" /> button, an interface should (hopefully) pop up. This may take a while for some aircraft due to the immense amount of liveries avaliable for some aircraft, such as the 737s, the A320s, and the 777-300ER.

> [!IMPORTANT]
> You must install te latest version of the add-on or the code does not work!

There is a **search bar** near the top of the for **looking up liveries**, or if you are using **Potato Mode**.

### Favorite Liveries
This section is wwhere all of your starred liveries will pop up. To star a livery, simply click on the little star outline next to it, and it should appear in this section for as long as you don't clear your cache...

### Avaliable Liveries
This is where you can find all the liveries for the aircraft type. For each livery, its information is devided into two lines, one with its name, and the other with the name of its creator. For official aircraft released by Xavier, you can also find a little illustration next to its information of how it looks.

> [!NOTE]
> Some liveries do not have a creator listed because it was entered into the system before the addition of that feature.

> [!IMPORTANT]
> If you have enabled **potato mode**, please use the **search bar** instead to browse the liveries.

### Load External Liveries
This section allows you to upload your experimental liveries for testing before submission, or just your ordinary virtual airline livery. You can see four different tabs in this section...
* **Upload**: This is where you can uplaod your liveries to ImgBB and submit it for review, although you do have to do some setup in the **API** tab. Yoou can also use the form here to upload a livery from a URL.
* **Direct**: This is where you can test your livery by directly uploading it from your files.
* **Download**: You can download any (or all) of the liveries fatured for this arcraft publicly.
* **API**: This section sets up the submmission form for the LiverySelector in the **Upload Tab**.

## Configuring Livery Uploader
> [!IMPORTANT]
> This sections requires a Discord and ImgBB account. You can get a Discord account [here](https://discord.com/register), and your ImgBB account [here](https://imgbb.com/signup).
1. Go to https://api.imgbb.com/, and click the **Add API Key** button. This should generate an API for your ImgBB account.
2. Copy the API code, and paste it into the first box in the **API** tab of the **Load External Liveries** section, and press enter. You should see a message in the textbox that looks like this: `API KEY SAVE (type CLEAR to remove)`
> [!NOTE]
> If you would like to have your API deleted from the database after one hour, there is a checkbox directly below the textbox to enable that option.

3. Get your Discord user ID by following [this tutorial](https://support.discord.com/hc/en-us/articles/206346498-Where-can-I-find-my-User-Server-Message-ID), and paste it into the second box, and click enter.

Congratulations, you have just set up your uploader to the LiverySelector and are all set to contribute your first livery to our addon!

## Livery Submission Via Addon
> [!IMPORTANT]
> This requires the configuration of your livery uploader. See section above if you haven't done so already.
1. Go to the **Upload** tab. Here, if already configured correctly, you should see a textbox and a **Upload Image**.
2. Add your image by either entering the URL of it via the textbox, or upload it from your computer by clicking the **Upload Image Button**. Then press **Load Livery**, and the livery sould appear on the aircraft.
3. If you haven't done so, check for any faults in the livery, and ensure that it is of a high quality.
4. Near the bottom of the screen, click on **Contribute to the LiverySelector Database** dropdown, and it should open up a form.
5. Fill in the first box with the name of the livery, and the second with your username. This can be your Discord username, or just anything as long as it's approperiate.
6. Check the two checkboxes below to agree to the terms of service, and then click **Submit Livery For Review**.
   
# Contacts
* **Email**: <a href="LiverySelector20220816@gmail.com">LiverySelector20220816@gmail.com</a>
* **Discord**: https://discord.gg/2tcdzyYaWU

3.It's too troublesome to add new code every time I enter the game. Is there a solution?
You can use Tampermonkey,then you will not.
4.When I click a livery,why can not it load?
①Some liveries files are relatively large and may take some time to load. You will need to wait a little longer;
②Or maybe your internet speed is too slow, you just need to wait a little longer.
Our Email:LiverySelector20220816@gmail.com(We usually check email on weekends),If you have any question or advice,or submit your livery,you can send to us.
Thank you very much for using it!Have a nice flight!

中文:
LiverySelector 使用说明：
在飞机列表中：Ls标志表示该飞机支持插件；
游戏机标志表示这架飞机支持多人游戏（其他用户可以看到你的飞机涂装，你也可以看到其他用户的飞机涂装）。
【Favorite liveries】
在【available liveries】中，您可以点击每件涂装后的星星，当它变成黄色时，您可以在这个列表中看到您最喜欢的涂装。
【available liveries】
每个涂装分为两行，第一行粗体黑色字体是其名称，下面细灰色字体显示其创建者名称（一些创建者名称没有输入，因为在更新此功能之前没有输入）。
【Load external livery】
1.上传：用于上传文件；
2.直接：选择要测试的文件，您可以选择将其拖动到此处或单击蓝色按钮在计算机上选择文件；
3.下载：您可以通过它下载所有涂装；
4.API：
此功能用于上传您的涂装
① 转到imgbb(https://api.imgbb.com/)，然后“Add API key”，就可以得到一个API链接；
② 复制到第一个输入框，点击回车，可以看到“API KET SAVED(type CLEAR to remove)”，代表您成功了；
③ 获取您的discord用户ID(https://support.discord.com/hc/en-us/articles/206346498-Where-can-I-find-my-User-Server-Message-ID)，然后复制到第二个输入框，最后回车；
④ 转到【Upload】，单击“UPLOAD IMAGE”，选择要上传的文件，它将在输入框中显示一个链接；
⑤ 点击“Contribute to LiverySelector Database”，然后滑到底部；
⑥ 在“Author”框中输入下你的涂装名称并复制你的Discord ID；
⑦ 勾选两个条件以表示您同意，然后单击“"SUBMIT LIVERY REVIEW”，则您的涂装将会成功提交。
您可以前往YouTube观看此教程视频：https://youtu.be/ht1xFKmvuuA
【关于竞赛】
您可以在discord或者GitHub参加。
常见问题：
1.为什么我的界面只有三行英文没有显示任何的涂装？
大部分是网速问题，解决方法可以是提升网速或者使用VPN。
2.怎么为LiverySelector制作涂装？
①通过GitHub；
②通过API功能；
③通过Discord；
④通过邮箱上传（必须标明涂装名称+制作者网名，没加的将不会在插件中显示或者不会被上传）。
3.每次进游戏都要重新导入代码，太麻烦了，有没有什么方法不用每次导入？
用插件Tampermonkey（篡改猴）大部分是浏览器插件。安装好后无需每次导入。
4.为什么我点了一个涂装等了好久还不显示？
①有些涂装（例如彩绘）的文件较大，您需要等待一段时间；
②或者您的网速过慢，过等一会会加载出来。
我们的邮箱：LiverySelector20220816@gmail.com（我们通常会在周末查看邮箱，小概率会在工作日），欢迎您为我们提出任何建议、询问问题和提交您的涂装！
非常感谢您的使用！祝您飞行愉快！

The second revision was made on November 3, 2024
------Written by bilibili開飛機のzm
